**Project Overview** 
This project contains 2 parts: one consists of an MBTA helper the other one consists of executing the MBTA helper program to give the nearest stop, depending on the address you put, and wether it is wheelchair accessible or not. In the first part, I had to import urllib.request, json and pprint in order to make the coding easier. Using the url for the MBTA and the url for geolocator, I programmed an MBTA helper that helps find the stations near you depending on your geolocalisation (using lattitude and longitude). In the second part, I executed this program using flask to make it "into a website" that will display the result.

**Project Reflection**
The program was very hard to do because of HTML and working with the demo I had from class, figuring out how it works and how to match the python code to it was one of the hardest parts of the assingment. Putting a efficient and consistent code was also a very complicated part. Organizing the data in multiple functions was a hard thing that I could for sure improve in the future. I did have a good plan for unit testing but it was much harder than I thought especially because the url are very hard to manipulate with. 

Going forward, learning how to use flask is going to be very helpful especially for my final project. Being efficient in my code is a very important in order to be good at coding, this is my point of improvement that I need to execute in order to be better. This was a very interesting assignment to do, eventhough it was very hard especially doing it alone. What I wish I knew before I started that would have been helpful for me to succeed is to use the MBTA url better because that was for sure the hardest part of this assignment, making sure the address is correctly put in the url for execution was very hard.
